this  is
the  man that new yorkers
we  have the nursing home scandal formulating allegations
and  most of the accusers are current of former tamers who illegitimate
behavior  ranging from kind awesome potation at work to open
apologized
ah  as i have said before
i  firmly believe
and  my administration is always represented women have a right to come forward
and  be heard
encourage  that
but  i also want to be clear there was still a question of the
i  did not do what has been alleged
say  i shouldn't come on this show because you harass me too much fierce and out of elecampane
it  what palefaces at home at home
attacks  operators
i'm  just doing my job
what  i've always done the word rolled from the governors and the consortium
is  great idea like working with unhealthy level you talk about yourself in the third person trot
not  a denial that you think that you are attractive
person  now because you are single and ready to mingle the you really think
you  are some desirable single person and that this is not just people paying me
coming  out of the
i  think beauties in the eye of the beholder and had totanen
you  live through a long period of political stagnation but which i mean
when  you leave through a long period in which
things  much
to
cynical  about
start  to think start to feel that every one in politics does far too much theorizing
and  there is far too little action
and  you probably feel that way just
there's  two little actions
but  i'm concerned about the other kind of cultural and political he
the  type of change that comes about without any one theorizing about it at
all  without their being any process of forming a kind of democratic
broad  beast demand
sometimes  things
go  for a walk through the death my girlfriend
the  history of our
the  western world in the eastern world in what we used to call the middle east in between
central  asia the whole
and  saying there was a time when in the whole roman empire
in  europe as it was then define
people  were tortured before questions
it  was in just the believed in torture
there  revealed the true
if  you were refusing to be questioned who refuse to comply as a matter of course before
questioning  even being
people  were stripped and whipped and
you  are reduced to a bruised and bled
shivering  shadow of your former self before legal
every  one just regarded this as normal
regarded  it as good
and  although we do have a kind of theoretical discourse about the abolition of slavery
we  have a kind of theoretical discourse about women's rights and gay rights is really
very  little self examination about how our attitudes towards
torture  can
and  how much they
and  how much torture in fact
goes  on today to what extent are current political establishment still is based
and  corporal
not  that that history is unknowable
but  that is largely unknown
i  think there is this absolutely
a  problem or all faces
questo
what
the  basis
and  there's no theory and there's no history or in for and i see one stupid controversy
after  another exploding in the press
like  a bolt andrew come and his supposedly sexual interactions
with  his employees and you know i think there's this huge challenge were
really  making a commitment on the level of an article in the constitution
of  whatever country are living in that says
the  job is not about your
if  you're not hiring some one to be an actor or an actress or a model in a soap
you  have to make a serious moral men
you're  not going to hire
there  are questions being asked about andrew comes
less  than platonic relations with this young woman shortened
she  graduated with a bachelor's den
women  studies and gender studies in two thousand
i  think beauties in the eye of the beholder a but one year and a half later
she  was hired as a brief
for  new york governor andrew coal now being a briefer
level  of politics would be a very challenging job for
myself
you've  got to do active reserve
and  you've got a present
and  informed opinion you need tremendous
and  breadth of understanding of politics you need to be able to look at a complex situate
figure  her head fact from fiction and then present the person and the executive position
with  exactly what they need to know and if they ask questions you've got to be able to get up their quick
take  research this would be a job i could do and i will absolutely
never  have the opportunity to it but i could not do this
this  would be very challenging for me in my forties my bachelor's degree is in political science
in  theory i have the right being for this job this young woman here
in  women studies did not prepare for the job whatsoever and about a year and
a  half elapsed
completed  that degree collected or be and when she began this job i do not think any one would
doubt  my speculative claim
she  was hired for this job on the basis of her
why  didn't they hire a forty five year old military veteran
male  or female fat or thin i mean why didn't they hire
for  our congress person someone who lost their last round of elections who has decades of experience
and  real repose why didn't they hire an ugly research librarian
five  years old someone's retired from a tin doing research for
the  congressional library service
this  job demanded a type of experience expertise
intellect  acumen
there  is just no way this young woman could be qualified for the job and i believe she
was  hired because he regrets and the tragedy is that it in every walk
of  life in the united states of america that your hired because you practise young woman could
have  taken her bea and women studies and gotten a great job working in
a  restaurant or a bar or a hospital or selling hand bags
in  a fancy shop on saith avenue and those are old jobs i would
never  be able to get
not  an age forty two and not aged ten
the  ugly among us have the door slammed our face again and again and
the  door is opened for pretty and incompetent people
at  all levels of the private sector and at all levels of government there was a
time  in ancient rome when torture was absolutely an
unquestioned  matter of procedure
a  part of every trial
nobody  saw a problem nobody thought there was anything bad or wrong
stripping  a man of his garments and then discussing whether he should be whipped
with  wooden rods or metal chains before questioning began it happened
every  day
nobody  sees anything wrong with this young woman being hired for the
because  we live in a society with this particular type of
so  perfect
universal  that it goes
it's  got to hang
to  change the
moral  philosophy
to  hire people
the